today I want to show you how to do smoke
and human smokes fatalities on ultimate
mk3 for the Xbox 360 first I want to
show you how to do the end of the world
fatality simply hold right trigger one
screen away and press up up forward down
flawless victory fatality to do smokes
eat a bomb fatality stand about half the
screen away and hold both triggers and
press down down forward up victory
fatality to do smokes friendship stand
one screen away and press left trigger
left trigger left trigger wide and make
sure not to block on the winning round
to do smokes friendship slowest victory
friendship friendship again to do smokes
baby allottee stands fairly close and
press down down back back why and make
sure not to block on the winning round
to do smokes level fatality press 4 for
down B
flawless victory fatality to do smokes
animality you must first perform a mercy
you can only perform a mercy on the
third round to perform a mercy stand
once Greenaway hold left trigger and
press down three times then release left
trigger after you perform the mercy you
can now do the animality stand once
screen away and press down ford ford
block wins slowest victory to become
human smoke select cyborg smoke and hold
back XY and the both triggers all at the
same time to perform human smokes head
punch fatality stand really close and
press the left trigger right trigger
left trigger left trigger why to perform
human smokes baby allottee don't block
on the winning round and press down back
back forward X fairly close to do human
smokes level fatality hold right trigger
press forward up up release right
trigger and press a this video was made
by death king for a2 in association with
a sage TMP production